README.md, before:

<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fcff1394-0293-482f-b8d5-9107c6f65f06" alt="Re-ReColourful Containers" width="300"/>

**ALL CREDITS GOES TO VI_TUL [Vi_Tul's Profile](https://modrinth.com/user/Vi_Tul)**  

### 🧱 Recolourful Containers - Retextured Edition 🎨

**A fresh new look for your favorite colorful storage mod!**

This resource pack reimagines the textures of the original [Recolourful Containers](https://modrinth.com/mod/recolourful-containers-gui) with a refined aesthetic. Whether you're after a more cohesive build palette or just want your chests, barrels, and shulker boxes to pop with a new vibe, this pack delivers a sleek and satisfying visual upgrade.

---

#### ✨ Features:
- 🔢 **Overhauled Numbered Hotbar Containers**  
  Complete redesign for a more polished and consistent look.
- 🌑 **Dark HUD + Numbered Hotbar**  
  Unified dark-themed HUD with integrated numbered hotbar style.
- 💛 **Yellow Heart**  
  Replaced default red heart with a bold yellow variant for a fresh visual cue.
- 🍗 **Cooked Chicken Hunger Bar**  
  New hunger icons themed around cooked chicken drumsticks.
- 🛍️ **Dark GUI for Villager Traders**  
  Clean dark interface for trading with villagers—easier on the eyes.
- 📦 **Dark GUI for All Shulker Boxes**  
  Unified dark theme across all base shulker box GUIs.
- 🏷️ **Dark GUI for All Labeled Shulker Boxes**  
  Matching dark interface for every variant of labeled shulker boxes.
- 🎯 **Dot Crosshair**  
  Minimalist crosshair style with a centered dot for precise aiming.
- 🟨 **Gold Hotbar Selection**  
  Highlighted selection slot now glows with a luxurious gold effect.

---

#### 🧩 Dependency:
This pack requires [OptiGUI](https://modrinth.com/mod/optigui) for full functionality. Make sure to have it installed alongside Recolourful Containers!

> ⚠️ **Warning:** Without **OptiGUI**, containers such as barrels, chests, ender chests, and shulker boxes will **not appear fully colored** or **lack their intended unique designs**. For the full visual experience, OptiGUI is essential.

---

### 🧩 **Supported Mods**

- 🍎 **[AppleSkin](https://modrinth.com/mod/appleskin)** — Adds useful food-related HUD info  
- 🧠 **[Axiom](https://modrinth.com/mod/axiom)** — Modern modding library for performance and compatibility  
- 🗑️ **[TrashSlot](https://modrinth.com/mod/trashslot)** — Adds a trash slot to your inventory screen  
- 💍 **[Accessories](https://modrinth.com/mod/accessories)** — Expands equipment slots with trinkets and accessories  
- 🎒 **[BackSlot](https://modrinth.com/mod/backslot)** — Adds a visible and usable back item slot  
- 👀 **[Watut](https://modrinth.com/mod/what-are-they-up-to)** — Shows what other players or mobs are doing  
- 🔁 **[RecursiveResources](https://modrinth.com/mod/recursiveresources)** — Allows resource packs to inherit from others easily  

---

#### 📜 Notes:
- This is a **resource pack** – from Recolourful Containers.    
- Designed for Minecraft **1.21.6**.  
- Changes your default crosshair ( + ) into dot ( . ) crosshair  
- Changes your default widgets UI into Touched UI theme  
- Changes your hotbar into a numbered hotbar  

---

#### 🔗 Credits:
<h1>Original resource pack by <b>Vi_Tul</b></h1>  
<h2>Retexture and redesign by <b>SushiSanCat</b> 🐱🍣</h2>

Commit message:

Renamed "ReReColourful Containers" into GuiCraft

README.md, after:

<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bed7e440-175f-47ce-b996-8cc3349eacbb" alt="GuiCraft Logo in Pixel Art" width="300" style="display:block; margin:auto;" />

### 🧱 Dark GuiCraft - Retextured Edition 🎨

**A fresh new look for your favorite colorful storage mod!**

This resource pack reimagines the textures of the original [Recolourful Containers](https://modrinth.com/mod/recolourful-containers-gui) and [GUI Perfected](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/gui-perfected) with a refined aesthetic. Whether you're after a more cohesive build palette or just want your chests, barrels, and shulker boxes to pop with a new vibe, this pack delivers a sleek and satisfying visual upgrade.

---

#### ✨ Features:
- 🔢 **Overhauled Numbered Hotbar Containers**  
  Complete redesign for a more polished and consistent look.
- 🌑 **Dark HUD + Numbered Hotbar**  
  Unified dark-themed HUD with integrated numbered hotbar style.
- 💛 **Yellow Heart**  
  Replaced default red heart with a bold yellow variant for a fresh visual cue.
- 🍗 **Cooked Chicken Hunger Bar**  
  New hunger icons themed around cooked chicken drumsticks.
- 🛍️ **Dark GUI for Villager Traders**  
  Clean dark interface for trading with villagers—easier on the eyes.
- 📦 **Dark GUI for All Shulker Boxes**  
  Unified dark theme across all base shulker box GUIs.
- 🏷️ **Dark GUI for All Labeled Shulker Boxes**  
  Matching dark interface for every variant of labeled shulker boxes.
- 🎯 **Dot Crosshair**  
  Minimalist crosshair style with a centered dot for precise aiming.
- 🟨 **Gold Hotbar Selection**  
  Highlighted selection slot now glows with a luxurious gold effect.

---

#### 🧩 Dependency:
This pack requires [OptiGUI](https://modrinth.com/mod/optigui) for full functionality. Make sure to have it installed alongside Recolourful Containers!

> ⚠️ **Warning:** Without **OptiGUI**, containers such as barrels, chests, ender chests, and shulker boxes will **not appear fully colored** or **lack their intended unique designs**. For the full visual experience, OptiGUI is essential.

---

### 🧩 **Supported Mods**

- 🍎 **[AppleSkin](https://modrinth.com/mod/appleskin)**
- 💍 **[Accessories](https://modrinth.com/mod/accessories)**
- 🧠 **[Axiom](https://modrinth.com/mod/axiom)**
- 🎒 **[BackSlot](https://modrinth.com/mod/backslot)**
- 🗝️ **[BetterEnchanting](https://modrinth.com/mod/betterenchanting)**
- 🧰 **[Cloth Config API (cloth-config2)](https://modrinth.com/mod/cloth-config2)**
- 🧩 **[Detailab](https://modrinth.com/mod/detailab)**
- 🖼️ **Icons**
- 🔄 **ItemSwapper**
- 🛠️ **[ModMenu](https://modrinth.com/mod/modmenu)**
- 🖤 **[OptiGUI](https://modrinth.com/mod/optigui)**
- 🔁 **[RecursiveResources](https://modrinth.com/mod/recursiveresources)**
- 🪓 **Sawmill**
- 📸 **Screenshot Viewer**
- 🗑️ **[TrashSlot](https://modrinth.com/mod/trashslot)**
- 💍 **[Trinkets](https://modrinth.com/mod/trinkets)**
- 🌊 **Watut**
